[TASK] Unify top-level domain of dummy urls (#1600)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/GlobalValues/Typo3ConfVars/SYS.rst

   Optional prefix to be added to the internal URL (SCRIPT_NAME and
   REQUEST_URI).

>    Example: When proxying ext-example.org to int-example.org/prefix this has to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Example: When proxying external.example.org to internal.example.org/prefix this has to
```
